What is valued above all else
by the Great Tower?
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Of course. it's magical talent.
Do those without true talent have
any way to reach the pinnacle of magic?
The answer is...
I'll keep moving forward with everyone.
Elfie. I swear I'll stand beside you.
EPISODE 13: BARRIER DAY
WISTORIA - WAND AND SWORD SEASON2
RIGARDEN MAGICAL ACADEMY
FINAL DAY OF THE GRADUATION EXAM
Full marks in all subjects?!
STAFF ROOM OF RIGARDEN MAGICAL ACADEMY
I've checked it so many times.
There's no doubt.
It's Will Serfort.
It's still a bit early to tell.
but even Lihanna
couldn't get a perfect score.
Is this really going to happen?
A learner might really advance!
Full complete credits
of writing and praxis.
For a no-talent
PROFESSOR OF THE RIGARDEN MAGICAL ACADEMY
like him to advance to the Tower.
EDWARD SERFENCE
it's unprecedented!
MAGICAL CREATURES. WRITING
WILL SERFORT. FULL SCORE
PROFESSOR OF THE RIGARDEN MAGICAL ACADEMY
WORKNER NORGRAM
Yes!
Good for you. Workner.
PROFESSOR OF THE RIGARDEN MAGICAL ACADEMY
The student you spent all the effort
ELIZA NOSFERAT
helping is about to fulfill his dream.
Professor Eliza...
The exam is not over yet.
You never know what will
happen until the end.
So? Where's that rumored learner now?
He's probably...
RIGARDEN MAGICAL ACADEMY
STUDY HALL
Will. are you okay?
You barely slept last night.
I'm fine. or maybe not.
WILL SERFORT - KIKI
The last written exam is tomorrow.
But the All-Student Praxis was rescheduled
6TH-YEAR. RIGARDEN MAGICAL ACADEMY
COLETTE LOIRE
and held on the same day as the finals.
I mean. you defeated Naberus
just yesterday.
Yeah.
Thanks to Lihanna and the others.
I was able to get full credits in praxis.
I can't let their kindness go to waste.
That's not what I meant.
6TH-YEAR. RIGARDEN MAGICAL ACADEMY
You did get a few credits
ROSTY NOWMAN
for spellwork. didn't you?
You're right. Rosty.
It's just the five credits from
Professor Edward's remedial class.
The last exam is worth six credits.
Even though I only need
one more credit to advance.
I can't let my guard down.
But. if you work too hard...
It hurts!
Look. you'll get white hair.
What do you think you're doing?!
I was just pulling out his white hair.
I always do this for him though.
Oh? You wanted to do it. Collete?
T-There's no way!
Wait. I mean...
So. what do you mean?
RIGARDEN MAGICAL ACADEMY
Amid a hectic schedule. I'm amazed
HEADMISTRESS'S OFFICE
both of you could defeat a Floor Keeper.
Good job.
I was just dragged into that farce.
Professor Caldron.
Even without defeating Naberus.
6TH-YEAR. RIGARDEN MAGICAL ACADEMY
JULIUS REINBERG
I could advance to the Tower just fine.
And yet. Colette and the others
forcefully dragged me there.
6TH-YEAR. RIGARDEN MAGICAL ACADEMY
Right. We could do fine even without you.
SION ULSTER
After all. your ice magic always gets melted.
You were so useless there.
W-What did you say?!
You only defeated small fries
while hiding behind that no-talent!
Don't mock Ulster's flames!
I'm not all show and substance
like you. Reinberg!
HEAD OF THE RIGARDEN MAGICAL ACADEMY
It seems both of you really care about Will.
CALDRON ANOUVE
Excuse me?!
CORRIDOR
With that. including Sion and others.
RIGARDEN MAGICAL ACADEMY
we finished the praxis curriculum.
Yes. we could show the Tower
that we can defeat a Floor Keeper.
6TH-YEAR. RIGARDEN MAGICAL ACADEMY
I think such show-off wasn't needed.
WIGNALL LINDOR - LIHANNA OWENZAUS
since we already defeated a Grand Duke.
You're right.
You're changed. Lihanna.
You're now softer than before.
I could say that to you.
You've lowered your guard ever since.
Before. you always wore
a composed smile.
But the truth is. you were more
desperate than anyone else.
Yeah.
I'm sure it was thanks to him.
He taught me that it's fine to stumble
once or twice during that adventure.
I've learned something as well.
That a feeling of inferiority
and cowardness
can be changed by a magic
called "Courage."
I wonder what he's doing right now.
There's no need to ask. right?
It's the final exam.
Will is such a hard worker that even
an elf like me acknowledges it.
Still up at this hour.
He's overdoing it. isn't he?
Will. I've brought you some supper.
I told Professor Workner.
and he gave special permission...
Will?
Are you asleep?
What are you doing. Colette?
W-When did you get here?
No. it's not what it looks like!
I was worried.
and just covering him with the cloak!
I see.
It looked to me that you
were trying to kiss him.
I'm sorry for the misunderstanding.
I really am worried.
Will is all worn out.
and yet he still pushes himself.
He's always covered in wounds.
I hate the Magia Vander.
Because of the curse that
Albis Vina placed on him.
he's always chasing after her.
And yet. she does nothing
but wait in the Tower.
I feel bad for him.
You're right.
I feel the same way too.
ELFARIA ALBIS SERFORT
AIDE-DE-CAMP OF ICE FACTION
SARISSA ALFELD
What's the matter. Lady Elfaria?
It's nothing.
How rare of you to be here.
Embodiment of Sloth.
A shut-in like you came out
of your room?
ELLENOR LJOS ALF
Is it going to rain ice spears tomorrow?
Ellenor.
Are you still upset about losing
the magic contest against me?
Because the contest was
limited to ice magic!
If I could use any other type of magic.
I would have won easily!
I was wondering why it was noisy.
so it's you two. huh?
This is my usual path.
ZEO THORZEUS REINBOLT
Get lost.
Please get lost yourself. barbarian.
- You get lost. barbarian.
Have the two of you never looked in
a mirror before. you bunch of hooligans?
What are you and Ellenor
doing in this place?
Don't ask me.
It's likely the same reason
as both of you.
It's the Terminalia.
We have to prepare for
that troublesome ritual.
That barrier is also almost gone.
A year is about to end.
I wonder how many useful guys
appear this time.
HISTORY AND ORIGINS OF MAGIC
FINAL EXAM
To think the final day's exam would
be Professor Edward's test...
The Serpent's test is like taking
a three-time normal test in a row.
I might not advance to the Tower.
Silence!
The final exam will begin.
But let me tell you something first.
There's only one question in my test.
If you can answer this one question.
you will be rewarded six credits.
No inquiries allowed.
Show me what you've learned
in your six years at this academy.
Now. begin!
What is magic?
Based on your own attributes.
use the following terms to
provide explanations:
Tela. link. manifest.
A description-based question about
the condition and activation of magic.
We usually perform the process
of magic subconsciously.
It's asking us to explain
that sensation in words.
Putting it into words
is certainly difficult. but...
I might be able to solve this.
Mages and Elves could
probably figure it out.
But anyone else would never...
This means. he won't be able to...
Oh no. I can't answer this.
Knowledge is meaningless.
It's not written in the textbooks.
since there's no point in teaching it.
This question is all about the sensation
and one's innate talent for magic.
Someone who can't use magic like me
doesn't have any right to answer it.
I can't solve this.
Is this the end?
I can't advance to the Tower?
My promise with Elfie...
Don't give up!
To me. magic is...
Aspiration.
A miracle that I can't reach
no matter what.
Very beautiful. yet cruel.
Magic is something that
comes after hard work.
As long as one doesn't give up.
I believe there's a power that
surpasses even magic. so I...
To me. magic is...!
Ed!
What's with that test?!
What's with that question?!
What do you mean?
It was about the important foundation
of mages for those who advance.
Even so. 40% of them got it wrong.
How utterly hopeless.
That's not what I'm asking you!
You set that kind of question
to target one student!
As a teacher. how can you
do something so absurd?!
All of you are the ones
who are being absurd!
What do you want to achieve by letting
a no-talent advance to the Tower?
What could he possibly do
in the graveyard of wands?
Do you intend to make him a guinea pig?
You fool.
This is no laughing matter.
In this world of magic.
a sword can never be a wand!
Something is wrong with both
you and the Headmistress.
LIST OF FAILED STUDENTS
Wrenching for a dream that won't ever come true.
This is my mercy for him.
WILL SERFORT
Will Serfort.
Total credits: 7.199.
Failed to advance to the Tower.
Will. I've fixed your googles.
I've left them in our room.
Will...
Rosty.
Professor Edward is horrible.
There's no way I can answer
a question like that.
That question is just too unfair.
What the heck?!
That's ridiculous!
Sorry...
I'm really sorry. Elfie.
I don't think anything I say right now
will get through to you.
But I'm still going to say it.
I'll always be here for you.
Lihanna!
Did you find Will?
No. I couldn't find him.
We have been looking for him too. but...
At least. he wasn't in the dorms.
He's probably somewhere
outside the academy.
Where have you gone. Will?
Students who can't advance lose heart
and leave the academy...
Isn't that a common thing
this time of year?
Julius!
It's a pain to get dragged into
searching for that no-talent.
Just leave that pathetic guy
who ran away.
Take that back.
Don't insult an elf's friend.
It seems you've gotten along well
with him in the dungeon.
Your Excellency.
Should I say you get misled by him?
What did you say?
In this Magical Academy!
And in this world!
Magic is everything!
No matter how capable
he may be in the dungeon.
there's no place for a sword here!
What's with that look. Sion?
Didn't you see that no-talent
as an eyesore. just like me?
You're right.
The truth is. I was planning on
beating him with my own hands.
What pissed me off is that I don't get
the opportunity to do that now.
What are you all doing?
Professor Workner!
We're looking for Will.
We can't find him anywhere.
I'll look for Will.
All of you should go.
B-But...
Today is the last day of the year.
the Terminalia.
Cut loose and have some fun.
Festival time!
Welcome to New Year's Eve!
Hello. everyone in the world!
This year. once again.
at Urbus Rigarden.
the greatest festival and most
important ritual is being held again!
Introducing myself as
this year's announcer.
CLAIRIE SERAH
Clairie!
A high mage in the Tower. Clairie Serah.
CLAIRIE SERAH
26 years old. and still single!
Even though it's the end of the year.
I'm still working today!
The disparity between me and the happy
families or lovers makes me cry!
When I tried inviting my colleagues.
they told me that their students
are more important.
They're such pieces of work.
You're listening. right?!
Workner and Ed!
Even though all three of us were always
together when we were students!
I won't forget this!
I want to be there someday.
Ahem.
Forgive me. I lost my cool.
Before I reveal more of my silliness.
let me tell you about
this magnificent view!
That's right!
Today is the Terminalia!
The Great Barrier that protects our sky
is about to be recast!
Long. long ago.
Mankind had no knowledge of the sky.
This world was enclosed in darkness.
The Celestial Host spread destruction
throughout the land.
Many lives were lost because of that.
Right when everyone
almost fell into despair...
Under our progenitor.
the Mage Queen Mercedes.
five great mages sealed off the sky!
Repelling the Celestial Host!
That happened on this day.
five hundred years ago!
The Great Barrier made by the Magia Vanders
separates us from the sky
that continues to protect us to this day.
The barrier's durability
only lasts a year.
At the end of every year.
a new barrier is set up.
THE TOWER'S MAGE. THE WATCHER
The collapse of the Great Barrier
IRIS CHURCHILL
means the fulfillment of the Lore.
Failure is not an option.
RODGE HOLLAND
Nothing suspicious on the ground.
FIRE FACTION
What about the sky?
Nothing unusual in the sky as well.
No sign of any suspicious people
or magic activity either.
It's all clear.
We're good to go.
Over to you. Sir Logwell.
It's time. Master Cariot.
I know.
Let's start the banquet of the boundary.
Alright everyone! Let's welcome
them with the song of glory!
The Magia Vanders have arrived!
Right now. there must be those
who are facing disappointment.
or those who are plagued by despair.
But I beg you. please raise your head!
Elfie...
We must never forget.
That Celestial Host is still
targeting our world.
This Eden is still under threat.
No matter how much you may falter.
we must hold up the sky
and ward off the evil.
Now. let's all hold up our lights.
We. too. shall help them
to hold up the sky.
Let's begin.
The Crown of Fire.
The Pearl of Water.
The Throne of Thunder.
The Scepter of Wind.
Offer it up. Altar of the Earth.
Unfold the primordial darkness.
The light shall become the boundary
that wards off the heavens.
GRAND SPELL VANDES TERMINALIA!
Grand Spell Vandes Terminalia!
Five. four. three. two. one!
Happy New Year!
Goodbye. the year that
ended yesterday!
Nice to meet you.
a whole new year!
May the blessings of
the Mage Queen Mercedes be upon us all!
Congratulations. Rigarden!
Welcome to a brand new world!
Happy New Year!
What is that?
A prank?
So scary.
Is that part of the festival?
No. there wasn't anything
like this last year.
What's with those magic circles?
Hurry up and find out the cause!
Mama. what is that?
Casting the Great Barrier will exhaust
the Magia Vanders' magic power.
They won't be able to move for a while.
Time to start...
The party from hell.
Next up. Episode 14 of
Wistoria: Wand and Sword.
EPISODE 14: THE PARTY FROM HELL BEGINS
"The Party from Hell Begins."
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm